Docs: update custom domains docs (#9266)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/custom-domains.rst

.. prompt:: bash $, auto

   $ dig +short CNAME blog.readthedocs.com
     readthedocs.io.

.. warning::

   We don't support pointing subdomains or root domains to a project using A records.
   DNS A records require a static IP address and our IPs may change without notice.

Removing a custom domain
------------------------

To remove a custom domain:

#. Go the :guilabel:`Admin` tab of your project.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Domains`.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Remove` button next to the domain
#. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` on the confirmation page

**Once a domain is removed,
your previous documentation domain is no longer served by Read the Docs,
and any request for it will return a 404 Not Found!**

Strict Transport Security and other custom headers
--------------------------------------------------

By default, we do not return a `Strict Transport Security header`_ (HSTS) for user custom domains.
This is a conscious decision as it can be misconfigured in a not easily reversible way.
For both |org_brand| and |com_brand|, HSTS and other custom headers can be set upon request.

We always return the HSTS header with a max-age of at least one year

> for our own domains including ``*.readthedocs.io``, ``*.readthedocs-hosted.com``, ``readthedocs.org`` and ``readthedocs.com``.

Reviewer: Guessing we just haven't done it yet.

Custom Domains
==============

With custom domains you can serve your documentation from your own domain.
By default your documentation is served from a Read the Docs :ref:`subdomain <hosting:subdomain support>`:
``<slug>.readthedocs.io`` or ``<slug>.readthedocs-hosted.com``,
for example ``https://pip.readthedocs.io``.

.. contents::
    :local:

Adding a custom domain
----------------------

To setup your custom domain, follow these steps:

#. Go the :guilabel:`Admin` tab of your project.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Domains`.
#. Enter your domain.
#. Mark the :guilabel:`Canonical` option if you want use this domain
   as your :doc:`canonical domain </canonical-urls>`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Add`.
#. At the top of the next page you'll find the value of the CNAME record that you need to point your domain to.
   For |org_brand| this is ``readthedocs.io``, and for :doc:`/commercial/index`
   the record is in the form of ``<hash>.domains.readthedocs.com``.

   .. note::

      For a subdomain like ``docs.example.com`` add a CNAME record,

>       and for a root domain like ``example.com`` use an ANAME or ALIAS record.

Author: yeah, but using an ANAME or ALIAS record

By default, we provide a validated SSL certificate for the domain,
this service is provided by Cloudflare.
The SSL certificate issuance can take about one hour,
you can see the status of the certificate on the domain page in your project.

> As an example, fabric's DNS record looks like this:
> 
> .. prompt:: bash $, auto
> 
>    $ dig CNAME +short docs.fabfile.org
>      readthedocs.io.

Reviewer 2: I'd use an example we do control here.

```suggestion
As an example, our blog's DNS record looks like this:

.. prompt:: bash $, auto

   $ dig CNAME +short blog.readthedocs.com
     readthedocs.io.
```

.. warning::

   We don't support pointing subdomains or root domains to a project using A records.
   DNS A records require a static IP address and our IPs may change without notice.

Strict Transport Security
-------------------------

By default, we do not return a `Strict Transport Security header`_ (HSTS) for user custom domains.
This is a conscious decision as it can be misconfigured in a not easily reversible way.
For both |org_brand| and |com_brand|, HSTS for custom domains can be set upon request.

We always return the HSTS header with a max-age of at least one year
for our own domains including ``*.readthedocs.io``, ``*.readthedocs-hosted.com``, ``readthedocs.org`` and ``readthedocs.com``.

.. _Strict Transport Security header: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security

Legacy domains on |com_brand|
-----------------------------

Some older setups configured a CNAME record pointing to
``<organization-slug>.users.readthedocs.com``,
these domains will continue to resolve.

Previously you were asked to add two records,
this process has been simplified.
If you have doubts about deleting some of the old records,

> please reach out to :ref:`support <support:user support>`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this section adds some value to the document. We are not using this anymore and I think it's just confusing adding it here, in the middle of the document.

I'm sure if there are people with doubts about this, they will contact us without reading this section. If it's still working and they don't need to do anything or care about it, I'd remove it.

Reviewer: 👍  on removing this section. It should just be a single sentence if anything.

Domains are usually validated and a certificate issued within minutes.
However, if you setup the domain in Read the Docs without provisioning the necessary DNS changes
and then update DNS hours or days later,
this can cause a delay in validating because there is an exponential back-off in validation.
Loading the domain details in the Read the Docs dashboard and saving the domain again will force a revalidation.

Certificate authority authorization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Certificate authority authorization (CAA) is a security feature that allows domain owners to limit
which certificate authorities (CAs) can issue certificates for a domain.
This is done by setting CAA DNS records for your domain.

The readthedocs domains that you'll point your domains to already
have the proper CAA records.

.. prompt:: bash $, auto

   $ dig +short readthedocs.io CAA
     0 issue "digicert.com; cansignhttpexchanges=yes"
     0 issuewild "digicert.com; cansignhttpexchanges=yes"
     0 issue "comodoca.com"
     0 issue "letsencrypt.org"
     0 issuewild "comodoca.com"
     0 issuewild "letsencrypt.org"

.. prompt:: bash $, auto

>    $ dig +short 0acba22b.domains.readthedocs.com CAA

Reviewer 2: Who is this domain? Can we use one _without_ a hash?

Author: this should be a hashed domain, we can use any hash (`*`)

     proxy-fallback.readthedocs-hosted.com.
     0 issue "digicert.com"
     0 issue "comodoca.com"

>      0 issue "letsencrypt.org"

Reviewer 2: It seems we could use tabs here for community and business.

Custom Domains
==============

Custom domains allow you to serve your documentation from your own domain.

By default, your documentation is served from a Read the Docs :ref:`subdomain <hosting:subdomain support>` using the project's slug:
``<slug>.readthedocs.io`` or ``<slug>.readthedocs-hosted.com`` for |com_brand|.

> For example if you import your project as ``docs``, it will be served from ``https://docs.readthedocs.io``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if you import your project as ``example-docs``, it will be served from ``https://example-docs.readthedocs.io``.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

You may host multiple documentation repositories as **sub-folders of a single domain**.
For example, ``docs.example.org/projects/repo1`` and ``docs.example.org/projects/repo2``.
This is `a way to boost the SEO of your website <https://moz.com/blog/subdomains-vs-subfolders-rel-canonical-vs-301-how-to-structure-links-optimally-for-seo-whiteboard-friday>`_.

See :doc:`subprojects` for more information.

Troubleshooting
---------------

SSL certificate issue delays
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The status of your domain validation and certificate can always be seen on the details page for your domain
under :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Domains` > :guilabel:`YOURDOMAIN.TLD (details)`.

Domains are usually validated and a certificate issued within minutes.
However, if you setup the domain in Read the Docs without provisioning the necessary DNS changes
and then update DNS hours or days later,
this can cause a delay in validating because there is an exponential back-off in validation.
Loading the domain details in the Read the Docs dashboard and saving the domain again will force a revalidation.

> Certificate authority authorization

Reviewer: We should just remove this entire section. It isn't needed anymore.

      and for a root domain like ``example.com`` use an ANAME or ALIAS record.

By default, we provide a validated SSL certificate for the domain,

> managed by Cloudflare.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can link to https://www.cloudflare.com/ here

Reviewer 2: @ericholscher not sure if you missed this or not --but there is no reaction: 👍🏼 or 👎🏼 ?

Reviewer: I don't really care. We can link to them, or not. 🤷

The SSL certificate issuance should happen within a few minutes,
but might take up to one hour.
See `SSL certificate issue delays`_ for more troubleshooting options.

As an example, our blog's DNS record looks like this:

.. prompt:: bash $, auto

   $ dig +short CNAME blog.readthedocs.com
     readthedocs.io.

.. warning::

   We don't support pointing subdomains or root domains to a project using A records.
   DNS A records require a static IP address and our IPs may change without notice.

> Removing a custom domain

Reviewer 2: :100:

------------------------

To remove a custom domain:

#. Go the :guilabel:`Admin` tab of your project.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Domains`.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Remove` button next to the domain

> #. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` on the confirmation page

Reviewer: I think "it depends, but should be the same within a list".
